{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26700\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Wildfire Financial Limited is located at:\
\uc0\u8232 \
Wildfire Financial Limited\
7 Bell Yard\'c2\'a0\
London, United Kingdom\
+61 401 120 523\
\
It is Wildfire Financial Limited's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our Mobile Application. This Privacy Policy applies to Wildfire Wallet (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "Wildfire Wallet"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Mobile Application. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Mobile Application, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Mobile Application and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.\
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Mobile Application, sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Mobile Application. Depending on your activities when visiting our Mobile Application, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.\
\uc0\u8232 \
- Mobile Application Visitors\
Like most Mobile Application operators, Wildfire Financial Limited collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Wildfire Financial Limited's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Wildfire Financial Limited's visitors use its Mobile Application. From time to time, Wildfire Financial Limited may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its Mobile Application.\
\uc0\u8232 \
- Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information\
Certain visitors to Wildfire Financial Limited's Mobile Applications choose to interact with Wildfire Financial Limited in ways that require Wildfire Financial Limited to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Wildfire Financial Limited gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask users only for their address info when required in order to process a card payment.\
\uc0\u8232 \
- Security\
The security of your Personal Information is of the highest importance to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.\
\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \
- Links To External Sites\
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.\
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.\
\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \
- Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information\
Wildfire Financial Limited discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Wildfire Financial Limited's behalf or to provide services available at Wildfire Financial Limited's Mobile Application, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Wildfire Financial Limited's Mobile Application, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Wildfire Financial Limited will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Wildfire Financial Limited discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Wildfire Financial Limited believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Wildfire Financial Limited, third parties or the public at large.\
If you are a registered user of Wildfire Wallet and have supplied your email address, Wildfire Financial Limited may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Wildfire Financial Limited and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Wildfire Financial Limited takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.\
\uc0\u8232 \
- Aggregated Statistics\
Wildfire Financial Limited may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its Mobile Application. Wildfire Financial Limited may display this information publicly or provide it to others, for example in the form of User signup rates. However, Wildfire Financial Limited does not disclose your personally-identifying information.\
\
\uc0\u8232 \
- Business Transfers\
If Wildfire Financial Limited, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Wildfire Financial Limited goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Wildfire Financial Limited may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.\
\uc0\u8232 \
Privacy Policy Changes\
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Wildfire Financial Limited may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Wildfire Financial Limited's sole discretion. Wildfire Financial Limited encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Mobile Application after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.\
}